# TellAngel
Once a user adds TellAngel to their telegram, TellAngel can be added to any chats of their wish. Through the sentiment analysis, TellAngel can detect the sentimental polarity of any message (in the spectrum from positive to negative). When a positive message is delivered, TellAngel will privately message “keep it up! Treat others the way you want to be treated”. As for the negative messages, TellAngel will say “Any fool can criticise, condemn and complain and most fools do. - Benjamin Franklin”. TellAngel will encourage you to spread words of kindness and discourage you from succumbing to your anger, impulsiveness and whims. Moreover, TellAngel tracks your progress in your emotional journey through a “kindness score”. Upon being added to the group chat, TellAngel assigns a kindness score of 0 to each member of the group. This score either increases or decreases according to the sentimental polarity of the message one sends. This system will encourage users to more actively spread words of kindness, considering our psychological tendency to detest losing something (e.g., seeing the kindness score initially assigned to 0 going downwards towards a negative value). It will allow us to monitor whether we are on the right track of spreading kind words through checking the kindness score and TellAngel’s private message to us after sending a message will also motivate us to be more kind and pause before sending hate-texts.

#Inspiration
In the movie Desperados, the drunk protagonist sends an angry email to her ex-date who doesn’t respond to her texts, only to find out later that he couldn’t respond due to a car accident. The protagonist painfully attempts to retrieve her already-delivered-email in the rest of the movie only to fail at the end. The movie inspired us to spearhead our project TellAngel: a telegram bot which motivates the users to spread words of kindness and reconsider words of hatred in the digital space. The name TellAngel is a portmanteau word with double meanings: 1. Telegram + angel (Telegram angel that oversees and regulates our digital communication) 2. Tell + angel (Reminder for the users to talk kindly to others as if they were speaking to the angels).

#whats next? 
TellAngel has a great opportunity to grow, as it has the potential to be applied to any other chatting software, social media or emails. Not only do we need a programme such as Grammarly to keep our grammar in check, but we also need TellAngel to keep our emotions in check.

However, a big limitation is that the users can manipulate the “kindness score” system. They can just spam kind messages to increase their score causing the score to falsely reflect one’s “kindness status”. We have to find a way for TellAngel to differentiate genuine texts from the fake ones, allowing the programme to be more sophisticated and accurate. If this problem is solved, TellAngel has the potential to be monetised as well. We can create a reward system like “acclaim 5% voucher for the “kindness score” of 100”.

Lastly, We want to optimise TellAngel to detect sarcasm 
